Add code samples for alert widget and add information about modalClass option (#4731)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/javascript-dev-guide/widgets/widget_alert.md

**Default value**: `''`

### `modalClass` {#alert_modalClass}
The CSS class of the alert window.

**Type**: String.

**Default value**: `'confirm'`

## Events {#alert_events}

The alert widget implements a single event: the `always` callback.

> The `always` callback called when a modal is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `always` callback is invoked when a modal window is closed.
```
